I'm proposing we adopt the first suggestion Tony made, below: approve $225 to register the trademark in one class (re: software).

Dustin

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Tony Sebro <tony@sfconservancy.org>
Date: Mon, Jun 22, 2015 at 4:35 PM
Subject: Re: Trademark registration details
To: "Dustin J. Mitchell" <dustin@buildbot.net>, buildbot@sfconservancy.org


On 06/21/2015 02:20 PM, Dustin J. Mitchell wrote:
> Hi Tony --
>
> When last we spoke, you said you would send some details about
> trademark registration my way.  I haven't seen anything yet.  We have
> rough agreement that this is a good idea, so we're ready to proceed.
Hey, Dustin.  Thanks for the ping.

To proceed with the filing of a TM application for "Buildbot," I'll need
the following information:

- date of your project's earliest use of the mark (i.e., when you first
started using the name publicly)
- date of your project's first release of any code under that mark

The application itself will cost Buildbot $225 in filing fees for one
class of goods and services (re: software), and $450 for two classes
(re: software and re: software development services).  Filing in the
second class would be somewhat experimental for us:  my strategy would
be to claim that the trademark "Buildbot" shouldn't just apply to the
software code itself, but to the community's collective services in
developing and maintaining software as well.  The upside would be that,
if granted, we'd end up with a stronger, broader trademark
registration.  The flipside is that the application to register the TM
to cover a service is a little riskier; if the USPTO doesn't accept our
argument, we'd be left with a pending application for just the one class
re: software, and Builbot wouldn't have anything to show for the extra
$225.

I should also note that "BuildBot" is already registered by BruHa
Robotics; according to their registration, they first started using in
2012.  Their mark relates to printers and scanners, so I think our
respective trademarks should be able to coexist -- but there's a chance
that a TM Examiner assigned to vet our TM application would feel
otherwise.

Given the above, I ask your committee to approve either of the following:
- $225 to register the trademark in one class (re: software)
- $450 to register the trademark in two classes (re: software and re:
software development services)
>
> Also, I have some funds with the network time foundation that I'd like
> to transfer to SFC -- is buildbot@sfconservancy the right place to
> send that, or should I be contacting someone specific?

Start a separate thread with me and with Bradley
(accounting@sfconservancy.org); we'll work out the logistics there.

Thanks! -Tony

--
Tony Sebro, General Counsel, Software Freedom Conservancy
+1-212-461-3245 x11
tony@sfconservancy.org
www.sfconservancy.org


----

PASSED
In favor: Jared Grubb, Amar Takhar, Bill Deegan, Pierre Tardy, Dustin Mitchell
